#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voyageai
aiolimiter==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voyageai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
automat==24.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
bidict==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-socketio
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   gevent
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   tqdm
constantly==23.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
crochet==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   scrapy
    #   service-identity
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   groq
    #   openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
flask==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-socketio
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-cors==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-socketio==5.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
gevent==24.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
graphene==2.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
graphene-sqlalchemy==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
groq==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.67.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   groq
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
incremental==24.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
itemadapter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   scrapy
itemloaders==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   parsel
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
lz4==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysql-connector-python==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rank-bm25
    #   transformers
    #   voyageai
openai==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
    #   transformers
parsel==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   scrapy
pillow==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-plugin-inference==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone
    #   pinecone-plugin-inference
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
propcache==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yarl
protego==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
protoc-gen-openapiv2==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   groq
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydispatcher==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pymysql==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone
python-engineio==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-socketio
python-socketio==5.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-socketio
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
queuelib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-file
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
    #   voyageai
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tldextract
rx==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphql-core
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
schedule==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scrapy==2.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
simple-websocket==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-engineio
singledispatch==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   singledispatch
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   graphene-sqlalchemy
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voyageai
tldextract==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
tokenizers==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   incremental
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pinecone
    #   transformers
transformers==4.46.0
    # via -r requirements.in
twisted==24.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crochet
    #   scrapy
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pinecone
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   twisted
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone
    #   requests
voyageai==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
w3lib==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-login
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crochet
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   simple-websocket
yarl==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
zope-interface==7.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
    #   scrapy
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
